hey this'll team you watch decide and
ride welcome to our detailed breakdown
of the new alpinestars apex DS glove
available at revzilla.com new 4:16 this
is the redesigned apex now we've seen an
apex Tristar before the previous version
was all leather actually it was a
mixture of leather and textile and it
had that dry star layer few changes
moving forward some good some bad in my
opinion but what I really like about
this glove is they maintain the price
this used to be one of the most
technical cool to cold weather riding
gloves it's waterproof at around the 80
to 90 dollar mark it still is it's going
to be coming in at that same price went
right around that die new dollar mark
you're still getting waterproof
breathability with Alpine stars dry star
membrane you have a hundred grams of
Thinsulate on the back of the hand for
warmth so you still get sport sport
touring and commuting for inclement
weather for sub $100 and that's what I
love about it now that being said moving
forward they've made some additions and
they've made some subtractions if we
look at it it's more textile than we're
used to seeing that's that that's
because the price of leathers actually
gone up we're seeing that across the
board from all manufacturers so if you
want more full leather go up to
something like the Alpine star C 20 it
actually gets you Primaloft as well it's
gonna be more leather on this club I
would love to see them carry that
hardshell knuckle over as well what I do
like that they've added though is now we
have a touch deck finger which is going
to allow you to work a multi-touch
device like an Android or an iPhone you
didn't have that before so again few
additions and some takeaways but again
staying in the line with a theme of if
you're gonna maintain that price they
have to make some trade-offs to be able
to hold solid at it so now quick note on
fitment and I'll dive into some of the
other nuances if we look at it I'm
wearing a size large no surprises here
from Alpinestars
100 grams of Thinsulate on the back of
the hand lighter weight in the palm
remember we have that extra membrane on
the inside of it for a frame of
reference it's a textile it's not gonna
break in a ton we're gonna ship for free
over 39 bucks so don't worry about that
if you're concerned about the sizing
factor and again maybe more of a touring
cut not going to be a trace cut from
Alpinestars so a little bit more
forgiving as always - I'd love it if you
click our logo leave me your comments
your questions and your feedback on the
new ape XDS now moving back into the
glove textile across the back up the
gauntlet they've redesigned this
the adjustable strap along the backside
they shortened this strap you when you
have it fully cinched down it's not
getting in the way it's not dangling too
much again that's well executed moving
into the knuckle leather coated
hardshell knuckle that's a TPU on a
slightly different panel so it floats so
it moves with you and then moving into
the fingers synthetic leather on the top
of the fingers synthetic leather on the
third and fourth finger bridge you know
I'll say this Alpinestars there's a
rubberized material right here on the
crook of the hand that you're using
that's going to allow you to beef up the
control patch I would actually
potentially like to see that rubberized
material worked in even in third fourth
finger bridge versus the synthetic
leather but that's just my call here
again feel free to argue back with me
now if we rotate it over goatskin in the
palm we talked about this rubberized
area that's duly stitched it's gonna
give you better protection and better
durability over time and what I do like
is at the base of the thumb as well as
the heel of the hand they've given you
some landing zone protection and a
little bit of raise that's gonna give
you some scaphoid those small bones and
your wrists scaphoid protection i do
also like that they capture the outseam
on the way up would have liked to seen
one panel of leather but at the end of
the day here I can't complain too much
because remember we're coming in sub 100
bucks for a waterproof breathable
insulated glove it's gonna be great
spring and fall cooler times of the year
and I'll say you could even stretch it
into the winter riding months if you
have heated grips I think that when you
get really really cold on this bad boy
it's gonna start to get chilly because
it's just not that heavy
again making some trade-offs lightweight
cooler cold-weather aggressive styling
from Alpinestars and a fit scheme that's
gonna be just what you remembered I'm a
fan of where they went with the apex
Tristar I'd like to see them do a full
leather version with this knuckle even
it goes up thirty bucks I think that
would do really well within the line I
remember the next step in your journey
is to click the info button visit the
product detail page at revzilla.com read
rider reviews you don't have to take my
word for it nor should you and remember
we're gonna ship for free over thirty
nine bucks if you want to talk to a gear
geek see us at revzilla.com or 18 to
nine four five five thanks for watching
our detailed breakdown remember
subscribe to us all in the youtubes I'm
Anthony we'll see you next time
you